README.md, before:

# FFmpeg Toolbelt

A set of tools for FFmpeg.

See also:

- [FFmpeg website](https://ffmpeg.org/)
- [FFmpeg Documentation](https://ffmpeg.org/ffmpeg-all.html)
- [FFmpeg Bug Tracker and Wiki](https://trac.ffmpeg.org/wiki)

## Tools

Tool | Description
---- | -----------
BlendF | Blend frames of a video
BlendI | Extract frames from a video and merge them into a single photo
BlendV | Blend multiple videos into one
Carve | Resize an image using [seam carving](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seam_carving) (adapted from [andrewcampbell/seam-carving](https://github.com/andrewdcampbell/seam-carving), GPL3)
Concat | Concatenate several videos into one
Cut | Cut an image or a video into parts of given width/height
Extract | Extract frames of a video into a folder
Merge | Merge images into a single video
Preview | Generate a table of preview snapshots for a video
Probe | Show information about a video file
Resize | Resize a video or an image
Respeed | Change the speed or the duration of a video
Stack | Stack videos in a grid
Scenes | Extract all shots from a movie
Split | Split a video into parts with a duration limit
Timestamp | Overlay a timestamp over a video

Commit message:

added Batch tool for FFmpeg batch processing

README.md, after:

# FFmpeg Toolbelt

A set of tools for FFmpeg.

See also:

- [FFmpeg website](https://ffmpeg.org/)
- [FFmpeg Documentation](https://ffmpeg.org/ffmpeg-all.html)
- [FFmpeg Bug Tracker and Wiki](https://trac.ffmpeg.org/wiki)

## Tools

Tool | Description
---- | -----------
Batch | FFmpeg wrapper for apply commands in batches
BlendF | Blend frames of a video
BlendI | Extract frames from a video and merge them into a single photo
BlendV | Blend multiple videos into one
Carve | Resize an image using [seam carving](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seam_carving) (adapted from [andrewcampbell/seam-carving](https://github.com/andrewdcampbell/seam-carving), GPL3)
Concat | Concatenate several videos into one
Cut | Cut an image or a video into parts of given width/height
Extract | Extract frames of a video into a folder
Merge | Merge images into a single video
Preview | Generate a table of preview snapshots for a video
Probe | Show information about a video file
Resize | Resize a video or an image
Respeed | Change the speed or the duration of a video
Stack | Stack videos in a grid
Scenes | Extract all shots from a movie
Split | Split a video into parts with a duration limit
Timestamp | Overlay a timestamp over a video
